Rasul Kerimov

Baku, Azerbaijan

rkerimov@std.qu.edu.az

Github: CoderINusE

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER

I'm a bachelor student of CE

department at Qafqaz University. Our university team participate in a different international competitions.( ACM- ICPC, Vekua Cup and etc.). I am a dedicated team member with a passion for Data Analysis & Machine Learning. I also have an experience in Web and C#/.NET development.

EXPERIENCE:

Competitive programming, Coding & Solutions Deployment
Qafqaz University, May 2014

2018( expected)
ACM Competitive Programming Experience.
Experience in Code Jam and Distributed Code Jam competitions.(
Seventh place in" ACM ICPC Subregional Contest"( Quarterfinal)
Third place in" Vekua Cup elimination round"
Second place in" ACM ICPC Subregional Contest"( Quarterfinal)
Honorable mention in" ACM NEERC"( Semifinal)


Project:“ VKMusicPlayer” Application

C#/ C++/ WPF Developer, Dec 2013 - May 2014

Library of music with search engine and simple music player. Project consists of two client applications: Windows Desktop and Windows Store( Metro Design). Users can save their favorite tracks and share them with their friends from VK( social network).

Github: github. com/ CoderINusE/ Win8- VK- Music- App

Responsibilities:
Design the product after analyzing the requirements.
Design and create GUI from scratch using C#, WPF and WinRT.
Eye Measurement Application design by UML.
Perform Coding and Programming tasks to specification and in accordance with development standards


Project:“ Yoatom Music”
Back-End Developer

Oct 2011 - Dec 2013
Music storage service with large library of tracks. The project is based on PHP frameworks
( Symphony & Silex).
Sample classes: github. com/ CoderINusE/ Oxymoron_ PHP/ class

Responsibilities:
Handle PHP backend development for dynamic database driven website.
Develop and create PHP/ MySQL web application as per the specifications.
Perform the responsibilities of implementing and hosting of systems on a web server.
Keep track of website visits.

Achievements:
Wrote smart system to avoid user huge traffic blocking by the main server( multiple accounts linking and CAPTCHA recognition algorithms/ services).
Optimized rendering performance by reducing the number of requests and using HTML5 techniques( mobile).
Improved search engine ranking. Every page with keywords“ music” and“ listen” was in the top 10 of Yandex results, so web site's traffic were increased by 600%.( 2500 - 3000 unique visitors per day).

EDUCATION:

Qafqaz University
Computer Engineering
Sep 2014 - 2018( expected),
GPA: 3.9

COMMUNICATION SKILLS:

Russian & Turkish - Native
English - Fluent
